The files in this folder were prepared using funding from the U.S. Government
and can be used without additional permissions or fees.

Citation:
    Houtman, Rachel M.; Day, Michelle A.; Hooten, Erin; Ritchie, Martin W.;
    Jain, Theresa B.; Schuler, Thomas M. 2023. Forest Vegetation Simulator
    keyword component (KCP) files associated with the compendium of
    silvicultural treatments for forest types in the United States. Updated 04
    June 2024. Fort Collins, CO: Forest Service Research Data Archive.
    https://doi.org/10.2737/RDS-2022-0037

Abstract:
    The national silviculture compendium is the first-ever compendium of
    silviculture treatments that cover most commercially operable forest types
    in the United States, built with input from a national team of silviculture
    experts from each National Forest System Region and Research Station of the
    USDA Forest Service. The compendium contains 240 silvicultural treatments,
    and 266 associated keyword component files (KCP) that are used with the
    Forest Service-supported Forest Vegetation Simulator (FVS), covering all
    regions and most commercial forest types in the United States in 2020. The
    treatments are based on current national forest plans and objectives but are
    relevant to other forested lands with similar conditions and management
    objectives. In part, the silvicultural compendium provides plausible
    real-world treatments to be used by planners, modelers, for training
    purposes (e.g., National Advanced Silviculture Program), and by others
    needing to simulate management-driven treatments with validated
    silvicultural parameters defined by silviculture experts from each region.
    Currently, KCP files for Regions 1-6 are available (Regions 8, 9 and 10 will
    be added as they are finalized). This data publication also includes
    information files such as a complete description of the 8 main treatment
    types and a list of each national forest and their organization code and
    region. Also included is a crosswalk between the KCP files and vegetation
    characteristics which can be used to apply KCPs to stands within each
    national forest in the United States, assigning treatments by biophysical
    setting, NVC and Forest Inventory and Analysis (FIA) cover type is included.
    Additionally, a table documenting a broad potential application of KCP files
    to appropriate National Vegetation Classifications (NVC) that are not
    represented in the compendium but exist within a given national forest is
    provided. This list of treatments by NVC and forest can be used to assign
    treatments to areas that are otherwise unassigned treatments within the
    compendium.